# Thermocepstrum GUI

### Installation
   See [README.md](README.md)

### Usage
   - run `thermocepstrum-gui` from the command line
   - select the input file with the  "..." button. After you select the file a preview will be shown if possible. If a binary file was selected the preview will not update, and a message will pop up.
   - select the input format. "table" is the standard column formatted data file with in the first line an header with the names of the columns. Vector data (like the 3 components of the currents) must be grouped with "name_[1] name_[2] name_[3]" ("[]" must be present). Vectors will be automatically recognized. "dict" is a numpy dictionary (saved with np.save() ) with binary data. This type of file can be generated by this program when you press "export data" in the "File" menu. They are a lot faster to save and to load.
   - "Next". If the selected file type is wrong, an error message will pop up and the program will return to the previous step.
   - read the instructions and select the type of data of the various columns
   - select the units
   - "Next"
   - Input the required values (if not already filled with the information encoded in the input file). "filter width" can be left as is, it is only for visualization purposes and can be changed later.
   - select the resampling frequency with the cursor. You can press "Resample" to see the effect. This is necessary to not run the analysis on useless portions of the spectrum. You can select the first important feature of the plot near zero.
   - "Next"
   - the result is shown. It is possible to modify the number of cepstral coefficients and see the effect

At any time it is possible to save everything by pressing "export data" in the menu. Later all the parameters will be automatically loaded if you select the generated file as the input.
